
[{
        "imageNews": "oneNewsImg",
        "title": "Kung-fu Rabbit",
        "body": "In the distant mountains, where mists mysteriously swirl around the peaks, lives the legendary kung fu rabbit. His amazing movements merged with grace and wisdom, creating a unique style that brought peace and harmony to the world.\nOne day, the Kung Fu Bunny went on an exciting adventure, and every step of the way became the inspiration for a unique cocktail."
    },
    {
        "imageNews": "twoNewsImg",
        "title": "Happy Rabbit",
        "body": "In the remote meadows, where the sun gently warms, lives a happy rabbit, always ready to share his fun with the world. His ears flutter joyfully, like dancing petals of the wind, as he jumps for joy across his green meadow.A happy bunny loves to find joy in the smallest moments of life, and his cheerful eyes sparkle like stars in the night sky. Every new day for him is an opportunity to discover something new and infect others with his positivity.He knows that happiness is like a magic drink that is created from the best ingredients.In his life, orange is the joy of playing, lime juice is meeting new friends, pineapple is crafts and creativity.In the evening, as the moon rises into the skies, the lucky bunny gathers with friends to enjoy magical cocktails created from the highlights of the day. Cocktail of Joy is what he calls his unique drink, where every sip is filled with laughter, smiles and the warmth of friendship.Thus, the life of a happy rabbit is a real adventure, full of joy and fun, which he happily shares with everyone around him."
    },
    {
        "imageNews": "threeNewsImg",
        "title": "Twin Rabbits",
        "body": "In a mysterious forest, where the grass is tall and the wind whispers its secrets, live twin rabbits. They are like a mirror image of each other, creating around themselves a magical atmosphere of unity and mutual understanding.The twin rabbits' ears flutter to the beat, like a duet of musicians, creating harmony in their daily adventures. Every step, every jump is performed in sync, like a choreographed dance in their own world.They love to solve the mysteries of the forest together. Blu Lagoon is the key to the secrets of the trees, Old Fashion is the magical whisper of the wind, Cuba Libre is the mysterious light of the moon that illuminates their nightly search.Together, the twin rabbits discover that Cocktail of Reflection is their unique drink, where each ingredient corresponds to the twins' special quality: Blu Lagoon - their mutual support, Old Fashion - fun adventures together, Cuba Libre - the magic of their strength, united together.Thus, the life of twin rabbits is an exciting adventure, where every day is filled with mutual understanding, friendship and the magic of their unique bond."
 }
]


